Update README
Clean up old files
Update OTEL to work in task frame
Add new method to determine task frame
Create GUI for cutting planning


Skill for making new plane out of 3 points:
1. Skill just passes a point to the accomodation controller (end effector position) (choose which point? maybe use a drop down menu to choose A, B, or C)
2. Skill to see what points have been set (progress of x/3) (could be same as 3)
3. Skill to verify that you want to use these 3 points (outputs current task plane, new task plane and the related points of each) then waits for user to confirm or choose to change values. Once confirmed, the plane will be updated in the accomodation controller. 

What we need in the accomodation controller: 
New message to store all 3 points, and a way to store and then publish the task frame (pose), and we need to decide what the origin will be (maybe point A)

Move the end effector to somewhere, click a button to set the point, repeat total 3 times
Then auto submits twhen 3 are stored, or waits for a user to confirm,

To generate the plane, the 3 points are taken, plane found between them using M A T H, then the first point (point A), will be marked as the origin, the orientation will then be derived based on the tool pose or the robot base pose? 

Skill for setting a point: (service call too)
Call the service with the current EE pose as the posestamped in the service, then the accomodation controller will update the value of the appropriate point
(represented as 3 buttons?)

Skill for getting the 3 points before setting: (just a service call)
Call the service, get the data from the acc controller. 
Print that data out (and throughthe buffer). 

Skill for setting the new task frame:
update the value of the task frame in the accomodation controller appropriately using the 3 approved points by calling the set task frame service call
If not affirmative, exit. 

Service calls tot he buffer from the accomodation controller for the buffer output. Otherwise all can just be service call buttons and no skills made themselves


TODO:
Calculate the task plane from 3 points and generate and store a pose: (position + orientation)
 - The services have been created, just need to implement the math for calculating the plane and the data reception for all 3 services being output (for the user to see and know how to proceed)

Cutting on uneven and non-level surfaces
 - Make sure to pull down, maybe tie in forces felt (ft-wrench?) and convert to tool or task frame for the math instead of robot frame? 
 - Make sure it works well with vertical movement, i.e. forces will increase from below when moving up, decrease when moving down a slope
 - Have the force threshold be high vertically, or make it more compliant to vertical movement somehow: i.e. changing the variables for the damping/control law: k_virt and b_virt
 - Lots of testing to be done to make sure that this works

 --- How would it cut on a material with holes in it that the mylar is covering? i.e. a metal plate that is flat, then curved, then has holes and parts cut out, would they use softer materials?
     Put this underneath the mylar itself before cutting

Cut out a "door" 3 of 4 parts of a rectangle and then open the door with the tool/blade
 - Improve the cutting rotation around the z axis of the skill frame, pull down harder during so that the tool does not move
 - 
